all right check it out guys it's trevor
james we are in kuala lumpur
malaysia this is a true street food
city and i am so pumped because we are
going to be having tons of delicious
mouth-watering malaysian street food in
this video
let's check it out guys
and here we are guys kuala lumpur
malaysia this is the
ultimate food city of asia and i am so
pumped because we're going for tons of
food you're going to want to watch this
whole video
let's go check it out guys okay guys and
first up we made our way out deep into
the kampung to try a super special
local smoked duck in green curry dish
we're here bright and early and we're
going to watch the whole process okay
guys then check this out this is the
station
we came all the way out to nagiri
sambalan for to see
this is gonna be a smoke dock specialty
and you can see
all of these beautiful coconut husks
they're gonna be used as the ignition as
the flame
for the smoke and chef right here is
just starting wow
look at all those duck numpaks it up
look at those whoa oh and these are the
chicken
putting on the chicken here so we're
gonna be smoking beef
chicken and duck it's a total meat
mastery production line here
and look at this guys i'm on the coconut
mountain filming these ducks
and beef and chicken num pak sit up
oh and here we go this is gonna be the
fire starting
here we go fan is on and you can see the
smoked duck here
they're actually double smoke so you get
that extra smokiness and this is a
special nigiri
symbol and dish right outside of kl
malaysia you have to come here
to ethics alive mastar to try the real
deal
that is gonna be delicious and while
these are smoking we came here bright
and early
and we are gonna get a breakfast in this
giant malaysian food court
and we're gonna come back to eat this
duck look at that wow it's just smoking
beautifully
okay here we are things in line
are you ready for nasi lemak oh and we
just got invited into the kitchen to see
the sambal
just got in to see the sambal baru which
is a liver sambal i believe oh and
here's the nasi lemak look at this
coconut milk cooked rice it gets a half
of a hard-boiled egg a cucumber some
fried peanuts and some
anchovies oh the raw sweet potato
to make the donut yeah oh and here's the
donut with the yam
look at these and this is where it
starts look at this wow and you can see
they're just making one by one sweet
potato donut handmade
and there they go right into that gula
melaka palm sugar syrup
that is beautiful look at that wow
jeremy cassie
and we're gonna go try some of those out
uh can i have satu nasi lemak
oh we're gonna get it with the friend
don guys wow and some
sambal jeremy kasi let's go try it
out
and there we are guys two plates of
beauty and there it is guys
look at that that's beef rendang full of
lemongrass local spices
wow and i also see some turmeric leaves
in there then we've got the sambal
classic malaysian sambal fried peanuts
and anchovies that right there
is one of the many reasons to travel to
malaysia and wow you can see the lineup
is long and this is the pre-smoked duck
meal
oh my goodness that was delicious sweet
and spicy sambal incredible seafood
anchovy flavor
and the rice has coconut oh and what's
this wow so it's like a sweet potato
gula melaka palm sugar doughnut yes wow
thermic acid
let's try it out oh
it's like a sweet potato donut with an
upgraded
gula melaka palm sugar syrup wow
very nice tara makassi sit up
and after that incredible breakfast we
made our way back to the smoke duck
station
that was just billowing coconut smoke
and there it is guys look at that
massive fire
sang it bizarre and there they are
it's a duck mountain guys getting smoked
that is a lot of beef
and now chef is just laying down the
ikan
ikan take a look at this guys these are
catfish
going right on the smoker and the smoke
is just slowly
very slowly infusing up
into these meats and that is going to be
delicious
and then here it is look at this this is
the smoked beef and it's getting sliced
up and that's going to go into the masa
curry wow oh beautiful i'm going to
slice that up and it's going to go in
the masala
whoa look at that smoked neck
that's a long neck a duck is truly a joy
to eat because of the fattiness of the
skin the flavor that
bursts into the meat and then this is
going to be smoky and juicy oh
wow there it goes ready to go into that
green
turmeric coconut milk curry and chef
azar right now is going to take us to
make the
masala mac chili pea first step oh chili
yapi really happy like sambal
it's going right in the wok that's a
mixture of super spicy chilies
and lemongrass going right in oh my
goodness
and then here goes the smoked duck right
in
and you can see that chili api is just
getting coated onto that smoked duck oh
and here comes the magic guys the santan
fresh santan and here we go
wow look at that
thank you chef azar and you can see all
these walks are just full
of tropical ingredients we've got the
chili papi
here that's the classic spicy chili
sambal combo and then tropical
ingredients like banana blossom
fried gouren kampung and then tempeh
beautiful there they are look at those
beauties
that's pad thai you can have it cooked
inside a sambal you can dip it in sambal
or eat a plain
and we are gonna be having that with our
meal in a second
wow and here we go this is the salad
station we've got lots of greens
oh yeah let's go right in for some stink
beans and then look at the herb station
over here
you can just grab the local herbs and go
in for it and here we go
final step is the masak satudak danzatu
daging here makassi let's go eat
and there we are guys the ultimate dog
curry
smoked curry oh and there's more
tiramisi wow and here we are guys look
at this incredible
malaysian masak chili apple
coconut milk infused spicy
curry with smoked duck they actually
brought a lot of different varieties
here so we got the duck
we got the beef we got the chicken we
got more duck
big plump duck eggs we got the beef
rendang and a duck rendang you can
actually see the turmeric leaves and the
lemongrass in there
and then we've got over here beautiful i
am goreng
so village chicken deep fried and first
thing we're going to do is just pop a
stink bean in there to
set the flavor off right for the whole
meal there it is guys look at that
that's a
a raw patai and we're just gonna pop one
in
[Music]
that is a strong start to the meal you
can just snack on those and the flavor
gets more intense as you eat them
but we really have to and let's just
douse it guys this is masaklamak i'm so
excited to try it
let's get the rice so wow and i love how
busy this place is
[Music]
shut up wow and it goes so well with
that curry
the chili sauce they put in there is
spicy but it gets
smoothed out from the coconut milk and
in the fattiness from the top the skin
is fatty
and smoky and juicy
oh yeah and you can just intersperse
your eating
with patai but this time we're going to
dip it in that
sambal balachan the balachan shrimp
paste
sambal oh that's going to be spicy
here we go
oh my that sambal is burning that is
like a floral
tropical sambal let's go in for some of
that beef
i loved watching as chef was slicing the
beef you could see
the smokiness on the outside and the
tenderness on the inside and there it is
let's just go pure
wow that is smoked beef malaysian style
and i think you can actually taste the
aroma of the the coconut husk and what a
meal this is
amazing masakama chiliappi all the
rendangs and the kitchen is just
alive beautiful meal we're going to
finish this up and keep going
that was delicious thank you very nice
thank you very much see you thank you
everybody
wow thank you
thank you see you thank you that was
delicious and next up
we're bringing you in for one of the
most intense fire cooked
noodles in the world the hockey and me
here we are guys next up we're gonna try
a famous
chinese malaysian fried noodle right
here
lao ping hawkian me the hokkien noodles
malaysian chinese
super special and we're going into a
local hawker center
and here we are local hawker center
let's try it out
wow this is it guys
how
and we're gonna watch the whole process
of making these hockey and me noodles
from the very beginning
he is a master on the walk let's see how
it's done guys
okay so here it goes guys putting some
oil and pork carton
that's the secret the pork lard he's
using coal
oh yeah a little bit of garlic and the
pork
and shrimp oh black soy sauce
that's gonna be sweet and aromatic
oh and then a little stock look at this
cabbage is going in
greens dark soy
and we're gonna wash the whole thing
look at that he's getting all of the
ingredients just
mixing in noodles going in
wow monster
pile of noodles little stock
look at those noodles
wow dark soy it's aromatic and it's with
coal it's going to have some wok hey
it's going to have that classic
cantonese
smokey wakey little cabbage wow
and it's just a joy to watch the mastery
of the wok stirring and and frying here
that chef has mastered over his lifetime
and there it is
it's gonna get served on a banana leaf
for extra aroma
wow look at those so infused with that
dark soy and the fried
pork crackling and the pork lard and
look at this you can
add pork crackling onto your hockey and
me
that's what we're gonna do let's go try
it out and here it is
shisha wow
look at that and there it is guys
look at that they just loaded it with
tons
of that crispy pork crackling look at
that
wow that is the hakimi lao ping hockey
and me
oh my goodness
it's got the pork crackling it's got the
pork there should be some little prawns
in there wow cabbage
green veg oh yeah tons of crackling
and their homemade chili sauce let's
make that first bite luxurious
let's get that pork crackling oh yeah
let's get lots in there
and load up the noodle and the prawns
oh and he's put some liver in there too
and you can just see lauben in the back
just crying on the walk this is a
classic malaysian
hawker center you can get so many
varieties of malaysian
cuisine here and this hockey and me is
the busiest he is just non-stop on the
walk
let's try it out
[Music]
that is aromatic the dark soy
wow the pork lard and the pork crackling
let's just get some some of their chili
sauce on there and taste that
okay let's try it out
and that is one of the joys of poker
centers in malaysia
street food mastery wok mastery
oh that's one of the best noodles you
will ever eat
that was delicious and look guys the
banana leaf is underneath
the aroma from the banana leaf is
infused into the noodles
and wow i can't get enough of that
oh that was a noodle to try in your
lifetime
and we're gonna keep going guys malaysia
is amazing and last
up to finish up the night we're bringing
you in for one of the
ultimate comfort foods of kl
the baozai fan clay pot rice dish
made by chef huang awesome guys and next
up we made our way we are in puru
local area here in kuala lumpur and
right up here we're going to get a
chinese malaysian style clay pot
and here we are wow
this is just incredible look at this
guys we've just walked into the ultimate
clay pot scene there's coal just
burning away it's super hot and lauben
is gonna be making his tusa it just
starts right over here
yo mifan and then a little shui and then
it just goes right onto
the coal right here there it is full
layer of clay pot there's like 20 or 30
going on here so you can see lao ban
here is just making that
marinated chicken sausage
and then ginger and rice wine and you
can see all six of them there and
they're just gonna go
right in to these clay pots look at this
rice is ready
boom and then the lid goes right on hi
bangla hi hola it smells amazing
so he studied since 1980 all by himself
and he's just adding the coal still done
the traditional
way and then here comes the salted fish
right in these clay pots and that's
almost the final step
wow it just looks incredibly delicious
and
oh all of that chinese rice one and then
the green onions
and then it just gets mixed up and you
can also get it to go
look at this this goes right on that
paper
look at that
let's go sit down and wait wow
yes yeah oh and there it is look at that
wow it's bubbling with that dark soy
caramelizing and wow that looks like the
definition of
freshness and he's put that chinese
sweet
la chung sausage in there wow wow look
at that sizzle
right on the bottom it's sizzling still
right off the flame
and then they also just brought us some
tai tang vegetable soup and
some choi some chinese veg but this is
the feature let's try this out and we're
just gonna make a little chili dip here
green and red
bird's eye chili that's the black crispy
delicious bits that you wanna fight for
and then we're just gonna get that first
bite let's get a little bit of chicken
some of that bottom smokiness
and the sausage for that first bite
first bite is most important let's try
it out
mmm now i understand
whoa the smokiness and the crispiness
in that bottom rice wow it has a lot of
flavor and there's a slight sweetness
from the chinese sausage
and that dark soy which give it this
incredible aroma
and that is one of the best bao tai fans
i think i think i've ever had
that can match hong kong or guangzhou
any day
what'd you think of that bow thing
pretty good it's really good right
bye that was amazing hope you guys
enjoyed that video
please leave me a comment down below let
me know what you thought thank you so
much for watching and please click that
subscribe
and little bell notification button as
well so you don't miss any of these
videos
thanks a lot for watching